---
title: Zintegrowane uwierzytelnianie systemu Windows z ochroną rozszerzoną
ms.date: 03/30/2017
ms.assetid: 81731998-d5e7-49e4-ad38-c8e6d01689d0
ms.openlocfilehash: c4afc008f600c9be0040f8d7623f5e20623dfd7d
ms.sourcegitcommit: 9a39f2a06f110c9c7ca54ba216900d038aa14ef3
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: pl-PL
ms.lasthandoff: 11/23/2019
ms.locfileid: "74444233"
---
# <a name="integrated-windows-authentication-with-extended-protection"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8d91-102">Zintegrowane uwierzytelnianie systemu Windows z ochroną rozszerzoną</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-102">Integrated Windows Authentication with Extended Protection</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="f8d91-103">Enhancements were made that affect how integrated Windows authentication is handled by the <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest>, <xref:System.Net.HttpListener>, <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient>, <xref:System.Net.Security.SslStream>, <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream>, and related classes in the <xref:System.Net> and related namespaces.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-103">Enhancements were made that affect how integrated Windows authentication is handled by the <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest>, <xref:System.Net.HttpListener>, <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient>, <xref:System.Net.Security.SslStream>, <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream>, and related classes in the <xref:System.Net> and related namespaces.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-104">Support was added for extended protection to enhance security.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-104">Support was added for extended protection to enhance security.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-105">These changes can affect applications that use these classes to make web requests and receive responses where integrated Windows authentication is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-105">These changes can affect applications that use these classes to make web requests and receive responses where integrated Windows authentication is used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-106">This change can also impact web servers and client applications that are configured to use integrated Windows authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-106">This change can also impact web servers and client applications that are configured to use integrated Windows authentication.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-107">These changes can also affect applications that use these classes to make other types of requests and receive responses where integrated Windows authentication is used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-107">These changes can also affect applications that use these classes to make other types of requests and receive responses where integrated Windows authentication is used.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-108">The changes to support extended protection are available only for applications on Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-108">The changes to support extended protection are available only for applications on Windows 7 and Windows Server 2008 R2.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-109">The extended protection features are not available on earlier versions of Windows.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-109">The extended protection features are not available on earlier versions of Windows.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="overview"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8d91-110">Omówienie</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-110">Overview</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-111">The design of integrated Windows authentication allows for some credential challenge responses to be universal, meaning they can be re-used or forwarded.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-111">The design of integrated Windows authentication allows for some credential challenge responses to be universal, meaning they can be re-used or forwarded.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-112">The challenge responses should be constructed at a minimum with target specific information and preferably also with some channel specific information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-112">The challenge responses should be constructed at a minimum with target specific information and preferably also with some channel specific information.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-113">Services can then provide extended protection to ensure that credential challenge responses contain service specific information such as a Service Principal Name (SPN).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-113">Services can then provide extended protection to ensure that credential challenge responses contain service specific information such as a Service Principal Name (SPN).</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-114">With this information in the credential exchanges, services are able to better protect against malicious use of credential challenge responses that might have been improperly used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-114">With this information in the credential exchanges, services are able to better protect against malicious use of credential challenge responses that might have been improperly used.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-115">The extended protection design is an enhancement to authentication protocols designed to mitigate authentication relay attacks.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-115">The extended protection design is an enhancement to authentication protocols designed to mitigate authentication relay attacks.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-116">It revolves around the concept of channel and service binding information.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-116">It revolves around the concept of channel and service binding information.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-117">The overall objectives are the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-117">The overall objectives are the following:</span></span>  
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-118">If the client is updated to support the extended protection, applications should supply a channel binding and service binding information to all supported authentication protocols.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-118">If the client is updated to support the extended protection, applications should supply a channel binding and service binding information to all supported authentication protocols.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-119">Channel binding information can only be supplied when there is a channel (TLS) to bind to.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-119">Channel binding information can only be supplied when there is a channel (TLS) to bind to.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-120">Service binding information should always be supplied.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-120">Service binding information should always be supplied.</span></span>  
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-121">Updated servers which are properly configured may verify the channel and service binding information when it is present in the client authentication token and reject the authentication attempt if the channel bindings do not match.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-121">Updated servers which are properly configured may verify the channel and service binding information when it is present in the client authentication token and reject the authentication attempt if the channel bindings do not match.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-122">Depending on the deployment scenario, servers may verify channel binding, service binding or both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-122">Depending on the deployment scenario, servers may verify channel binding, service binding or both.</span></span>  
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-123">Updated servers have the ability to accept or reject down-level client requests that do not contain the channel binding information based on policy.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-123">Updated servers have the ability to accept or reject down-level client requests that do not contain the channel binding information based on policy.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-124">Information used by extended protection consists of one or both of the following two parts:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-124">Information used by extended protection consists of one or both of the following two parts:</span></span>  
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-125">A Channel Binding Token or CBT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-125">A Channel Binding Token or CBT.</span></span>  
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-126">Service Binding information in the form of a Service Principal Name or SPN.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-126">Service Binding information in the form of a Service Principal Name or SPN.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-127">Service Binding information is an indication of a client’s intent to authenticate to a particular service endpoint.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-127">Service Binding information is an indication of a client’s intent to authenticate to a particular service endpoint.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-128">It is communicated from client to server with the following properties:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-128">It is communicated from client to server with the following properties:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-129">The SPN value must be available to the server performing client authentication in clear text form.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-129">The SPN value must be available to the server performing client authentication in clear text form.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-130">The value of the SPN is public.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-130">The value of the SPN is public.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-131">The SPN must be cryptographically protected in transit such that a man-in-the-middle attack cannot insert, remove or modify its value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-131">The SPN must be cryptographically protected in transit such that a man-in-the-middle attack cannot insert, remove or modify its value.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-132">A CBT is a property of the outer secure channel (such as TLS) used to tie (bind) it to a conversation over an inner, client-authenticated channel.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-132">A CBT is a property of the outer secure channel (such as TLS) used to tie (bind) it to a conversation over an inner, client-authenticated channel.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-133">The CBT must have the following properties (also defined by IETF RFC 5056):</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-133">The CBT must have the following properties (also defined by IETF RFC 5056):</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-134">When an outer channel exists, the value of the CBT must be a property identifying either the outer channel or the server endpoint, independently arrived at by both client and server sides of a conversation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-134">When an outer channel exists, the value of the CBT must be a property identifying either the outer channel or the server endpoint, independently arrived at by both client and server sides of a conversation.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-135">Value of the CBT sent by the client must not be something an attacker can influence.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-135">Value of the CBT sent by the client must not be something an attacker can influence.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-136">No guarantees are made about secrecy of the CBT value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-136">No guarantees are made about secrecy of the CBT value.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-137">This does not however mean that the value of the service binding as well as channel binding information can always be examined by any other but the server performing authentication, as the protocol carrying the CBT may be encrypting it.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-137">This does not however mean that the value of the service binding as well as channel binding information can always be examined by any other but the server performing authentication, as the protocol carrying the CBT may be encrypting it.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-138">The CBT must be cryptographically integrity protected in transit such that an attacker cannot insert, remove or modify its value.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-138">The CBT must be cryptographically integrity protected in transit such that an attacker cannot insert, remove or modify its value.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-139">Channel binding is accomplished by the client transferring the SPN and the CBT to the server in a tamperproof fashion.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-139">Channel binding is accomplished by the client transferring the SPN and the CBT to the server in a tamperproof fashion.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-140">The server validates the channel binding information in accordance with its policy and rejects authentication attempts for which it does not believe itself to have been the intended target.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-140">The server validates the channel binding information in accordance with its policy and rejects authentication attempts for which it does not believe itself to have been the intended target.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-141">This way, the two channels become cryptographically bound together.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-141">This way, the two channels become cryptographically bound together.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-142">To preserve compatibility with existing clients and applications, a server may be configured to allow authentication attempts by clients that do not yet support extended protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-142">To preserve compatibility with existing clients and applications, a server may be configured to allow authentication attempts by clients that do not yet support extended protection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-143">This is referred to as a "partially hardened" configuration, in contrast to a "fully hardened" configuration.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-143">This is referred to as a "partially hardened" configuration, in contrast to a "fully hardened" configuration.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-144">Multiple components in the <xref:System.Net> and <xref:System.Net.Security> namespaces perform integrated Windows authentication on behalf of a calling application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-144">Multiple components in the <xref:System.Net> and <xref:System.Net.Security> namespaces perform integrated Windows authentication on behalf of a calling application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-145">This section describes changes to System.Net components to add extended protection in their use of integrated Windows authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-145">This section describes changes to System.Net components to add extended protection in their use of integrated Windows authentication.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-146">Extended protection is currently supported on Windows 7.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-146">Extended protection is currently supported on Windows 7.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-147">A mechanism is provided so an application can determine if the operating system supports extended protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-147">A mechanism is provided so an application can determine if the operating system supports extended protection.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="changes-to-support-extended-protection"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8d91-148">Changes to Support Extended Protection</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-148">Changes to Support Extended Protection</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-149">The authentication process used with integrated Windows authentication, depending on the authentication protocol used, often includes a challenge issued by the destination computer and sent back to the client computer.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-149">The authentication process used with integrated Windows authentication, depending on the authentication protocol used, often includes a challenge issued by the destination computer and sent back to the client computer.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-150">Extended protection adds new features to this authentication process</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-150">Extended protection adds new features to this authentication process</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-151">The <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection> namespace provides support for authentication using extended protection for applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-151">The <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection> namespace provides support for authentication using extended protection for applications.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-152">The <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ChannelBinding> class in this namespace represents a channel binding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-152">The <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ChannelBinding> class in this namespace represents a channel binding.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-153">The <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> class in this namespace represents the extended protection policy used by the server to validate incoming client connections.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-153">The <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> class in this namespace represents the extended protection policy used by the server to validate incoming client connections.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-154">Other class members are used with extended protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-154">Other class members are used with extended protection.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-155">For server applications, these classes include the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-155">For server applications, these classes include the following:</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-156">A <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> that has the following elements:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-156">A <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> that has the following elements:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-157">An <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy.OSSupportsExtendedProtection%2A> property that indicates whether the operating system supports integrated windows authentication with extended protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-157">An <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy.OSSupportsExtendedProtection%2A> property that indicates whether the operating system supports integrated windows authentication with extended protection.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-158">A <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement> value that indicates when the extended protection policy should be enforced.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-158">A <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement> value that indicates when the extended protection policy should be enforced.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-159">A <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ProtectionScenario> value that indicates the deployment scenario.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-159">A <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ProtectionScenario> value that indicates the deployment scenario.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-160">This influences how extended protection is checked.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-160">This influences how extended protection is checked.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-161">An optional <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ServiceNameCollection> that contains the custom SPN list that is used to match against the SPN provided by the client as the intended target of the authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-161">An optional <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ServiceNameCollection> that contains the custom SPN list that is used to match against the SPN provided by the client as the intended target of the authentication.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-162">An optional <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ChannelBinding> that contains a custom channel binding to use for validation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-162">An optional <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ChannelBinding> that contains a custom channel binding to use for validation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-163">This scenario is not a common case</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-163">This scenario is not a common case</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-164">The <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.Configuration> namespace provides support for configuration of authentication using extended protection for applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-164">The <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.Configuration> namespace provides support for configuration of authentication using extended protection for applications.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-165">A number of feature changes were made to support extended protection in the existing <xref:System.Net> namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-165">A number of feature changes were made to support extended protection in the existing <xref:System.Net> namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-166">These changes include the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-166">These changes include the following:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-167">A new <xref:System.Net.TransportContext> class added to the <xref:System.Net> namespace that represents a transport context.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-167">A new <xref:System.Net.TransportContext> class added to the <xref:System.Net> namespace that represents a transport context.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-168">New <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest.EndGetRequestStream%2A> and <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest.GetRequestStream%2A> overload methods in the <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest> class that allow retrieving the <xref:System.Net.TransportContext> to support extended protection for client applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-168">New <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest.EndGetRequestStream%2A> and <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest.GetRequestStream%2A> overload methods in the <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest> class that allow retrieving the <xref:System.Net.TransportContext> to support extended protection for client applications.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-169">Additions to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> and <xref:System.Net.HttpListenerRequest> classes to support server applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-169">Additions to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> and <xref:System.Net.HttpListenerRequest> classes to support server applications.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-170">A feature change was made to support extended protection for SMTP client applications in the existing <xref:System.Net.Mail> namespace:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-170">A feature change was made to support extended protection for SMTP client applications in the existing <xref:System.Net.Mail> namespace:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-171">A <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient.TargetName%2A> property in the <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient> class that represents the SPN to use for authentication when using extended protection for SMTP client applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-171">A <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient.TargetName%2A> property in the <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient> class that represents the SPN to use for authentication when using extended protection for SMTP client applications.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-172">A number of feature changes were made to support extended protection in the existing <xref:System.Net.Security> namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-172">A number of feature changes were made to support extended protection in the existing <xref:System.Net.Security> namespace.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-173">These changes include the following:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-173">These changes include the following:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-174">New <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream.BeginAuthenticateAsClient%2A> and <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream.AuthenticateAsClient%2A> overload methods in the <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream> class that allow passing a CBT to support extended protection for client applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-174">New <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream.BeginAuthenticateAsClient%2A> and <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream.AuthenticateAsClient%2A> overload methods in the <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream> class that allow passing a CBT to support extended protection for client applications.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-175">New <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream.BeginAuthenticateAsServer%2A> and <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream.AuthenticateAsServer%2A> overload methods in the <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream> class that allow passing an <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> to support extended protection for server applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-175">New <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream.BeginAuthenticateAsServer%2A> and <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream.AuthenticateAsServer%2A> overload methods in the <xref:System.Net.Security.NegotiateStream> class that allow passing an <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> to support extended protection for server applications.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-176">A new <xref:System.Net.Security.SslStream.TransportContext%2A> property in the <xref:System.Net.Security.SslStream> class to support extended protection for client and server applications.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-176">A new <xref:System.Net.Security.SslStream.TransportContext%2A> property in the <xref:System.Net.Security.SslStream> class to support extended protection for client and server applications.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-177">A <xref:System.Net.Configuration.SmtpNetworkElement> property was added to support configuration of extended protection for SMTP clients in the <xref:System.Net.Security> namespace.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-177">A <xref:System.Net.Configuration.SmtpNetworkElement> property was added to support configuration of extended protection for SMTP clients in the <xref:System.Net.Security> namespace.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="extended-protection-for-client-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8d91-178">Extended Protection for Client Applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-178">Extended Protection for Client Applications</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-179">Extended protection support for most client applications happens automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-179">Extended protection support for most client applications happens automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-180">The <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest> and <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient> classes support extended protection whenever the underlying version of Windows supports extended protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-180">The <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest> and <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient> classes support extended protection whenever the underlying version of Windows supports extended protection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-181">An <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest> instance sends an SPN constructed from the <xref:System.Uri>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-181">An <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest> instance sends an SPN constructed from the <xref:System.Uri>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-182">By default, an <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient> instance sends an SPN constructed from the host name of the SMTP mail server.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-182">By default, an <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient> instance sends an SPN constructed from the host name of the SMTP mail server.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-183">For custom authentication, client applications can use the <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest.EndGetRequestStream%28System.IAsyncResult%2CSystem.Net.TransportContext%40%29?displayProperty=nameWithType> or <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest.GetRequestStream%28System.Net.TransportContext%40%29?displayProperty=nameWithType> methods in the <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest> class that allow retrieving the <xref:System.Net.TransportContext> and the CBT using the <xref:System.Net.TransportContext.GetChannelBinding%2A> method.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-183">For custom authentication, client applications can use the <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest.EndGetRequestStream%28System.IAsyncResult%2CSystem.Net.TransportContext%40%29?displayProperty=nameWithType> or <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest.GetRequestStream%28System.Net.TransportContext%40%29?displayProperty=nameWithType> methods in the <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest> class that allow retrieving the <xref:System.Net.TransportContext> and the CBT using the <xref:System.Net.TransportContext.GetChannelBinding%2A> method.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-184">The SPN to use for integrated Windows authentication sent by an <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest> instance to a given service can be overridden by setting the <xref:System.Net.AuthenticationManager.CustomTargetNameDictionary%2A> property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-184">The SPN to use for integrated Windows authentication sent by an <xref:System.Net.HttpWebRequest> instance to a given service can be overridden by setting the <xref:System.Net.AuthenticationManager.CustomTargetNameDictionary%2A> property.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-185">The <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient.TargetName%2A> property can be used to set a custom SPN to use for integrated Windows authentication for the SMTP connection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-185">The <xref:System.Net.Mail.SmtpClient.TargetName%2A> property can be used to set a custom SPN to use for integrated Windows authentication for the SMTP connection.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="extended-protection-for-server-applications"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8d91-186">Extended Protection for Server Applications</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-186">Extended Protection for Server Applications</span></span>  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-187"><xref:System.Net.HttpListener> automatically provides mechanisms for validating service bindings when performing HTTP authentication.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-187"><xref:System.Net.HttpListener> automatically provides mechanisms for validating service bindings when performing HTTP authentication.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-188">The most secure scenario is to enable extended protection for HTTPS:// prefixes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-188">The most secure scenario is to enable extended protection for HTTPS:// prefixes.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-189">In this case, set <xref:System.Net.HttpListener.ExtendedProtectionPolicy%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> to an <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> with <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement> set to <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> or <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always>, and <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ProtectionScenario> set to <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ProtectionScenario.TransportSelected> A value of  <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> puts <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> in partially hardened mode, while <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always> corresponds to fully hardened mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-189">In this case, set <xref:System.Net.HttpListener.ExtendedProtectionPolicy%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> to an <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> with <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement> set to <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> or <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always>, and <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ProtectionScenario> set to <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ProtectionScenario.TransportSelected> A value of  <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> puts <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> in partially hardened mode, while <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always> corresponds to fully hardened mode.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-190">In this configuration when a request is made to the server through an outer secure channel, the outer channel is queried for a channel binding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-190">In this configuration when a request is made to the server through an outer secure channel, the outer channel is queried for a channel binding.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-191">This channel binding is passed to the authentication SSPI calls, which validate that the channel binding in the authentication blob matches.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-191">This channel binding is passed to the authentication SSPI calls, which validate that the channel binding in the authentication blob matches.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-192">There are three possible outcomes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-192">There are three possible outcomes:</span></span>  
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-193">The server’s underlying operating system does not support extended protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-193">The server’s underlying operating system does not support extended protection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-194">The request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be returned to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-194">The request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be returned to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-195">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-195">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span></span>  
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-196">The SSPI call fails indicating that either the client specified a channel binding that did not match the expected value retrieved from the outer channel or the client failed to supply a channel binding when the extended protection policy on the server was configured for <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-196">The SSPI call fails indicating that either the client specified a channel binding that did not match the expected value retrieved from the outer channel or the client failed to supply a channel binding when the extended protection policy on the server was configured for <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-197">In both cases, the request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be returned to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-197">In both cases, the request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be returned to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-198">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-198">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span></span>  
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-199">The client specifies the correct channel binding or is allowed to connect without specifying a channel binding since the extended protection policy on the server is configured with <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> The request is returned to the application for processing.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-199">The client specifies the correct channel binding or is allowed to connect without specifying a channel binding since the extended protection policy on the server is configured with <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> The request is returned to the application for processing.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-200">No service name check is performed automatically.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-200">No service name check is performed automatically.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-201">An application may choose to perform its own service name validation using the <xref:System.Net.HttpListenerRequest.ServiceName%2A> property, but under these circumstances it is redundant.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-201">An application may choose to perform its own service name validation using the <xref:System.Net.HttpListenerRequest.ServiceName%2A> property, but under these circumstances it is redundant.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-202">If an application makes its own SSPI calls to perform authentication based on blobs passed back and forth within the body of an HTTP request and wishes to support channel binding, it needs to retrieve the expected channel binding from the outer secure channel using <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> in order to pass it to native Win32 [AcceptSecurityContext](/windows/win32/api/sspi/nf-sspi-acceptsecuritycontext) function.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-202">If an application makes its own SSPI calls to perform authentication based on blobs passed back and forth within the body of an HTTP request and wishes to support channel binding, it needs to retrieve the expected channel binding from the outer secure channel using <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> in order to pass it to native Win32 [AcceptSecurityContext](/windows/win32/api/sspi/nf-sspi-acceptsecuritycontext) function.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-203">To do this, use the <xref:System.Net.HttpListenerRequest.TransportContext%2A> property and call <xref:System.Net.TransportContext.GetChannelBinding%2A> method to retrieve the CBT.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-203">To do this, use the <xref:System.Net.HttpListenerRequest.TransportContext%2A> property and call <xref:System.Net.TransportContext.GetChannelBinding%2A> method to retrieve the CBT.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-204">Only endpoint bindings are supported.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-204">Only endpoint bindings are supported.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-205">If anything other <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ChannelBindingKind.Endpoint> is specified, a <xref:System.NotSupportedException> will be thrown.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-205">If anything other <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ChannelBindingKind.Endpoint> is specified, a <xref:System.NotSupportedException> will be thrown.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-206">If the underlying operating system supports channel binding, the <xref:System.Net.TransportContext.GetChannelBinding%2A> method will return a <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ChannelBinding><xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.SafeHandle> wrapping a pointer to a channel binding suitable for passing to [AcceptSecurityContext](/windows/win32/api/sspi/nf-sspi-acceptsecuritycontext) function as the pvBuffer member of a SecBuffer structure passed in the `pInput` parameter.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-206">If the underlying operating system supports channel binding, the <xref:System.Net.TransportContext.GetChannelBinding%2A> method will return a <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ChannelBinding><xref:System.Runtime.InteropServices.SafeHandle> wrapping a pointer to a channel binding suitable for passing to [AcceptSecurityContext](/windows/win32/api/sspi/nf-sspi-acceptsecuritycontext) function as the pvBuffer member of a SecBuffer structure passed in the `pInput` parameter.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-207">The <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ChannelBinding.Size%2A> property contains the length, in bytes, of the channel binding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-207">The <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ChannelBinding.Size%2A> property contains the length, in bytes, of the channel binding.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-208">If the underlying operating system does not support channel bindings, the function will return `null`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-208">If the underlying operating system does not support channel bindings, the function will return `null`.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-209">Another possible scenario is to enable extended protection for HTTP:// prefixes when proxies are not used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-209">Another possible scenario is to enable extended protection for HTTP:// prefixes when proxies are not used.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-210">In this case, set <xref:System.Net.HttpListener.ExtendedProtectionPolicy%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> to an <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> with <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement> set to <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> or <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always>, and <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ProtectionScenario> set to <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ProtectionScenario.TransportSelected> A value of  <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> puts <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> in partially hardened mode, while <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always> corresponds to fully hardened mode.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-210">In this case, set <xref:System.Net.HttpListener.ExtendedProtectionPolicy%2A?displayProperty=nameWithType> to an <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> with <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement> set to <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> or <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always>, and <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ProtectionScenario> set to <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ProtectionScenario.TransportSelected> A value of  <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> puts <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> in partially hardened mode, while <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always> corresponds to fully hardened mode.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-211">A default list of allowed service names is created based on the prefixes which have been registered with the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener>.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-211">A default list of allowed service names is created based on the prefixes which have been registered with the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener>.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-212">This default list can be examined through the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener.DefaultServiceNames%2A> property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-212">This default list can be examined through the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener.DefaultServiceNames%2A> property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-213">If this list is not comprehensive, an application can specify a custom service name collection in the constructor for the <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> class which will be used instead of the default service name list.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-213">If this list is not comprehensive, an application can specify a custom service name collection in the constructor for the <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.ExtendedProtectionPolicy> class which will be used instead of the default service name list.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-214">In this configuration, when a request is made to the server without an outer secure channel authentication proceeds normally without a channel binding check.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-214">In this configuration, when a request is made to the server without an outer secure channel authentication proceeds normally without a channel binding check.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-215">If the authentication succeeds, the context is queried for the service name that the client provided and validated against the list of acceptable service names.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-215">If the authentication succeeds, the context is queried for the service name that the client provided and validated against the list of acceptable service names.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-216">There are four possible outcomes:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-216">There are four possible outcomes:</span></span>  
  
1. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-217">The server’s underlying operating system does not support extended protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-217">The server’s underlying operating system does not support extended protection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-218">The request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be returned to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-218">The request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be returned to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-219">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-219">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span></span>  
  
2. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-220">The client’s underlying operating system does not support extended protection.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-220">The client’s underlying operating system does not support extended protection.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-221">In the <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> configuration, the authentication attempt will succeed and the request will be returned to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-221">In the <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.WhenSupported> configuration, the authentication attempt will succeed and the request will be returned to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-222">In the <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always> configuration, the authentication attempt will fail.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-222">In the <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.PolicyEnforcement.Always> configuration, the authentication attempt will fail.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-223">The request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be returned to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-223">The request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be returned to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-224">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-224">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span></span>  
  
3. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-225">The client’s underlying operating system supports extended protection, but the application did not specify a service binding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-225">The client’s underlying operating system supports extended protection, but the application did not specify a service binding.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-226">The request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be returned to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-226">The request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be returned to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-227">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-227">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span></span>  
  
4. <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-228">The client specified a service binding.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-228">The client specified a service binding.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-229">The service binding is compared to the list of allowed service bindings.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-229">The service binding is compared to the list of allowed service bindings.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-230">If it matches, the request is returned to the application.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-230">If it matches, the request is returned to the application.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-231">Otherwise, the request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be automatically returned to the client.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-231">Otherwise, the request will not be exposed to the application, and an unauthorized (401) response will be automatically returned to the client.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-232">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-232">A message will be logged to the <xref:System.Net.HttpListener> trace source specifying the reason for the failure.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-233">If this simple approach using an allowed list of acceptable service names is insufficient, an application may provide its own service name validation by querying the <xref:System.Net.HttpListenerRequest.ServiceName%2A> property.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-233">If this simple approach using an allowed list of acceptable service names is insufficient, an application may provide its own service name validation by querying the <xref:System.Net.HttpListenerRequest.ServiceName%2A> property.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-234">In cases 1 and 2 above, the property will return `null`.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-234">In cases 1 and 2 above, the property will return `null`.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-235">In case 3, it will return an empty string.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-235">In case 3, it will return an empty string.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-236">In case 4, the service name specified by the client will be returned.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-236">In case 4, the service name specified by the client will be returned.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="f8d91-237">These extended protection features can also be used by server applications for authentication with other types of requests and when trusted proxies are used.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-237">These extended protection features can also be used by server applications for authentication with other types of requests and when trusted proxies are used.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="f8d91-238">Zobacz także</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="f8d91-238">See also</span></span>

- <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection>
- <xref:System.Security.Authentication.ExtendedProtection.Configuration>
