---
title: Zastosowanie przekształcania funkcjonalnego
ms.date: 07/20/2015
ms.assetid: 3b74e134-e19b-44bc-8d06-e26c48305040
ms.openlocfilehash: 292201f4964142126d428939807cb20f354a7d2f
ms.sourcegitcommit: 17ee6605e01ef32506f8fdc686954244ba6911de
ms.translationtype: MT
ms.contentlocale: pl-PL
ms.lasthandoff: 11/22/2019
ms.locfileid: "74345770"
---
# <a name="applicability-of-functional-transformation-visual-basic"></a><span data-ttu-id="d9f55-102">Applicability of Functional Transformation (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-102">Applicability of Functional Transformation (Visual Basic)</span></span>
<span data-ttu-id="d9f55-103">Pure functional transformations are applicable in a wide variety of situations.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-103">Pure functional transformations are applicable in a wide variety of situations.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-104">The functional transformation approach is ideally suited for querying and manipulating structured data; therefore it fits well with LINQ technologies.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-104">The functional transformation approach is ideally suited for querying and manipulating structured data; therefore it fits well with LINQ technologies.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-105">However, functional transformation has a much wider applicability than use with LINQ.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-105">However, functional transformation has a much wider applicability than use with LINQ.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-106">Any process where the main focus is on transforming data from one form to another should probably be considered as a candidate for functional transformation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-106">Any process where the main focus is on transforming data from one form to another should probably be considered as a candidate for functional transformation.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-107">This approach is applicable to many problems that might not appear at first glance to be a candidate.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-107">This approach is applicable to many problems that might not appear at first glance to be a candidate.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-108">Used in conjunction with or separately from LINQ, functional transformation should be considered for the following areas:</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-108">Used in conjunction with or separately from LINQ, functional transformation should be considered for the following areas:</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-109">XML-based documents.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-109">XML-based documents.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-110">Well-formed data of any XML dialect can be easily manipulated through functional transformation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-110">Well-formed data of any XML dialect can be easily manipulated through functional transformation.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-111">For more information, see [Functional Transformation of XML (Visual Basic)](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/functional-transformation-of-xml.md).</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-111">For more information, see [Functional Transformation of XML (Visual Basic)](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/functional-transformation-of-xml.md).</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-112">Other structured file formats.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-112">Other structured file formats.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-113">From Windows.ini files to plain text documents, most files have some structure that lends itself to analysis and transformation.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-113">From Windows.ini files to plain text documents, most files have some structure that lends itself to analysis and transformation.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-114">Data streaming protocols.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-114">Data streaming protocols.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-115">Encoding data into and decoding data from communication protocols can often be represented by a simple functional transform.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-115">Encoding data into and decoding data from communication protocols can often be represented by a simple functional transform.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-116">RDBMS and OODBMS data.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-116">RDBMS and OODBMS data.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-117">Relational and object-oriented databases, just like XML, are widely-used structured data sources.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-117">Relational and object-oriented databases, just like XML, are widely-used structured data sources.</span></span>  
  
- <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-118">Mathematic, statistic, and science solutions.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-118">Mathematic, statistic, and science solutions.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-119">These fields tend to manipulate large data sets to assist the user in visualizing, estimating, or actually solving non-trivial problems.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-119">These fields tend to manipulate large data sets to assist the user in visualizing, estimating, or actually solving non-trivial problems.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-120">As described in [Refactoring Into Pure Functions (Visual Basic)](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/refactoring-into-pure-functions.md), using pure functions is an example of functional programming.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-120">As described in [Refactoring Into Pure Functions (Visual Basic)](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/refactoring-into-pure-functions.md), using pure functions is an example of functional programming.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-121">In additional to their immediate benefits, using pure functions provides valuable experience in thinking about problems from a functional transformation perspective.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-121">In additional to their immediate benefits, using pure functions provides valuable experience in thinking about problems from a functional transformation perspective.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-122">This approach can also have major impact on program and class design.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-122">This approach can also have major impact on program and class design.</span></span> <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-123">This is especially true when a problem lends itself to a data transformation solution as described above.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-123">This is especially true when a problem lends itself to a data transformation solution as described above.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-124">Although they are beyond the scope of this tutorial, designs that are influenced by the functional transformation perspective tend to center on processes more than on objects as actors, and the resulting solution tends to be implemented as series of large-scale transformations, rather than individual object state changes.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-124">Although they are beyond the scope of this tutorial, designs that are influenced by the functional transformation perspective tend to center on processes more than on objects as actors, and the resulting solution tends to be implemented as series of large-scale transformations, rather than individual object state changes.</span></span>  
  
 <span data-ttu-id="d9f55-125">Again, remember that Visual Basic supports both imperative and functional approaches, so the best design for your application might incorporate elements of both.</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-125">Again, remember that Visual Basic supports both imperative and functional approaches, so the best design for your application might incorporate elements of both.</span></span>  
  
## <a name="see-also"></a><span data-ttu-id="d9f55-126">Zobacz także</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-126">See also</span></span>

- [<span data-ttu-id="d9f55-127">Introduction to Pure Functional Transformations (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-127">Introduction to Pure Functional Transformations (Visual Basic)</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/introduction-to-pure-functional-transformations.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="d9f55-128">Functional Transformation of XML (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-128">Functional Transformation of XML (Visual Basic)</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/functional-transformation-of-xml.md)
- [<span data-ttu-id="d9f55-129">Refactoring Into Pure Functions (Visual Basic)</span><span class="sxs-lookup"><span data-stu-id="d9f55-129">Refactoring Into Pure Functions (Visual Basic)</span></span>](../../../../visual-basic/programming-guide/concepts/linq/refactoring-into-pure-functions.md)
